H mm joins us now from deal in central
Gaza so let's just begin with what's
been happening in the past few hours and
the strikes across the Gaza
Strip yes well Israeli air attacks
continue to strike across the central
area and the southern part of the strip
and overnight attacks we're seeing more
residential buildings being targeted and
destroyed and at the fact the matter the
tragedy of this happening right now is
people are not giving warning whatsoever
they are being targeted inside their
homes and if just if they're lucky
enough they would be uh paying attention
or realizing that they're going to be
attack and leave the area but for the
most part people are caught in the line
of fire and caught under these
unpredictable falling bombs in different
parts of the Gaza Strip in eastern khun
more residential homes being targeted
and this is not the first time the
entire city of khun was pretty much
obliterated by the Israeli military uh
for the past 4 months when the Israeli
military uh invaded the whole city
including the destruction of its public
facilities and residential buildings and
evacuation centers those are managed and
operated by the United Nations for
Palestinian refugees honorable but
reports of multiple injuries were
transferred to Naser Hospital the uh uh
the aftermath of these attacks is the
pressure that is put on Naser Hospital
hital that is already not operating very
well in theat area that's the central
part of G more buildings are being
targeted and destroyed reported here to
Ala Hospital a mother with her two
children there also another attack where
a father and two of his children were
also killed in overnight attacks
meanwhile the paramedics and the civil
defense crew members were able to remove
eight bodies from the different
different locations in ra City those
were all transferred
uh to Naser Hospital given that the
entire Raa City doesn't have any
operational health facility whatsoever
uh meanwhile the Israeli military in
Gaza it pulled out uh from major parts
of the western of Western Gaza City
that's including a subra neighborhood
the headquarters of uh of United Nations
as well as the College University
complex to the western part of City
leaving a trail of Devastation and and
destructions also many of the bodies are
still in the streets paramedics and
civil defense crew so far collected
large number but there's still many in
areas that they are unable to get to
given that the uh the Skies of Gaza are
clouded with Sky Predators surveillance
drones and attack drones Hy thanks very
much for the update Hy mm for deal